Document the k6/experimental/tracing module (#1020)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/02 javascript api/07 k6-experimental/04 tracing/03 Options.md

---
title: 'Options'
excerpt: 'Options allows to configure the tracing instrumentation behavior.'
---

> The `Options` object allows configuring the tracing instrumentation behavior. It is used during the instantiation of a [`Client`](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/tracing/client) instance and also as a parameter to the [`instrumentHTTP`](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/tracing/instrumenthttp) function. It controls the general behavior of the tracing instrumentation and is not specific to any particular tracing client instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `Options` object to configure the tracing instrumentation behavior. It is used during the instantiation of a [`Client`](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/tracing/client) instance and also as a parameter to the [`instrumentHTTP`](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/tracing/instrumenthttp) function. It controls the general behavior of the tracing instrumentation and is unspecific to any particular tracing client instance.
```

## Options

| Option name | Type | Default | Description |
| :----------- | :------- | :------ | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `propagator` | `string` | `w3c` | The trace context propagation format. Currently supported: `w3c` and `jaeger`. |

> | `sampling` | `number` | `100` | The probability of each request having its `sampled` flag set to true. Its value should be within the `0 <= n <= 100` bounds. |

Reviewer 2: Given that this isn't merged - shall we document it?

Author: Good catch, had added it preemptively. Dropping it 👍🏻
